Document use of filter columns in pickers (#11218)
helix-editor/helix: book/src/keymap.md

| `Ctrl-t`                     | Toggle preview                                             |
| `Escape`, `Ctrl-c`           | Close picker                                               |

In pickers, you can filter specific columns by prefixing the column name with `%`.
All words after a `%<column>` term are treated as filters for that column.

> The base filter is a regex, while column filters are a space-separated of literals.

Reviewer: Actually columns use fuzzy filtering. There are two exceptions: the default columns for global_search and the LSP workspace_symbol_picker. global_search's default column is a regex and workspace_symbol_picker's is sent to the language server so it can do its own filtering.

> For example, in the file picker, `init %path api .proto` searches for files containing

Author: ```suggestion
For example, in the global search picker, `init %path api .proto` searches for files containing
```

the text "init", whose filenames contain "api" and ".proto".

> Column names can be abbreviated, so `%p` means the same as `%path`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Column names can be shortened to any prefix, so `%p`, `%pa` or `%pat` all mean the same as `%path`.
```
